hey guys and Chris again Chris behind
the camera this time we're doing our
review of the gold standard 1% whey
protein by optimal nutrition we already
reviewed their serious mass what we're
going to do is were actually going to
mix this up for you right right in front
you see if there's any clumping you were
talking about so it's one scoop per
serving six to eight ounces of water so
I got that right here that's the scoop
um it's a good protein these whey
protein isolates is their primary source
but they also have they have filters in
just like every other company does the
source we're going to protein 5 grams of
BCAAs and you go into carbs one gram of
sugars and 1.5 grams of fat home 20
calories per serving so first group um
it's not that it's I don't want the rich
chocolate taste at all double rich
chocolate hate it I like it I really
likes it a lot of people like you but I
can't stand every as you know I'm not a
talking thing um so this is 15 servings
right here this little one cup for
private eight or so doing that bad so
here's the scoop I'm not poured in here
so it kind of sits on top the top muscle
juice mass gainer sinks all straight to
the bottom
this one floats on top I don't know if
that's a good thing or a bad thing it
might be good might just mean there's
less dense in the water so that makes a
little better add enough
so there it is right there for whatever
reason it does leave some sort of black
chunks in the bottle but uh I mean other
than effort they're pretty small I mean
II don't really film now that much other
than that there's no powder in trunks I
don't think you want to go now I'm good
man
doesn't judge me there's so much I like
you guys cuz I can't stand this
he's gonna chug this she hate this place
no chilly it is no tongs horrible taste
your part is it uh it's only six to
eight ounces so you took it down pretty
easy pretty quick um it's up I mean if
it's a good protein I thought about a
use for it
Scott takes so much protein in my diet
to my mass gainers in my eye food in
general I do throw it another mask and
occasionally it's always good to get a
little extra protein so not a big deal
um so that part of a pro can't stick
with for now we'll see what all my
samples have you know in store but for
now that's it